Update README.md (#1)
CleverCloud/warp10-ext-pulsarwriter: README.md

WarpScript function to send data to a Pulsar topic.

> This extension is vaillable using warp10 fleet here https://warpfleet.senx.io/browse/com.clevercloud/warp10-ext-pulsarwriter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension is available on WarpFleet: https://warpfleet.senx.io/browse/com.clevercloud/warp10-ext-pulsarwriter
```
